capital = 266
set_research_slots = 2
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	basic_train = 1
	
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	
	convoy_sailing = 1
	submarine_operations = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.2.8"
	elections_allowed = yes
	election_frequency = 1
}
recruit_character = PER_reza_shah_pahlavi
recruit_character = PER_soleyman_mirza_eskandari
recruit_character = PER_hasan_arfa
recruit_character = PER_dalir_pesyan
recruit_character = PER_sohrab_tahmasebi
recruit_character = PER_mir_afkhami
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_khan_nakhjavan
recruit_character = PER_reza_mizani
recruit_character = PER_ali_razmara
recruit_character = PER_hassan_majid_firooz
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_mira_khosravani
recruit_character = PER_ahmad_khan_nakhjaavan
recruit_character = PER_mohammed_nakhjavani
recruit_character = PER_abdolreza_afkhami
recruit_character = PER_fazlollah_zahedi
recruit_character = PER_mohammed_reza_pahlavi
recruit_character = PER_ali_akbar_deiva
recruit_character = PER_hossein_afkhami
recruit_character = PER_ali_zohayli
recruit_character = PER_mahmud_jam
recruit_character = PER_ali_khan_mansour

recruit_character = ADW_PER_lezer_sha
recruit_character = ADW_PER_lezer_sha_2
recruit_character = ADW_PER_milzer
recruit_character = ADW_PER_mohand
recruit_character = ADW_PER_ruholar
recruit_character = ADW_PER_azam_sha

promote_character = ADW_PER_lezer_sha
promote_character = ADW_PER_lezer_sha_2
promote_character = ADW_PER_milzer
promote_character = ADW_PER_mohand
promote_character = ADW_PER_ruholar
promote_character = ADW_PER_azam_sha

set_convoys = 20
set_stability = 0.3
set_war_support = 0.5

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 20
	fascism = 5
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 70
}